"The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena." - Carl Sagan
"I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious." - Albert Einstein
"I never think of the future. It comes soon enough." - Albert Einstein
"The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources." - Albert Einstein
"The important thing is not to stop questioning." - Albert Einstein
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow." - Albert Einstein
"To make an apple pie from scratch, you must invent the universe." - Carl Sagan
"Where light exists, it is pure, blazing, fierce." - Carl Sagan
"There is a wide, yawning black infinity. In every direction." - Carl Sagan
"Extinction is the rule. Survival is the exception." - Carl Sagan
"It is far better to grasp the universe as it really is." - Carl Sagan
"Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Objective truth is fading out of the world." - George Orwell
"It’s strange. The gulls who scorn perfection." - JLS
"You must begin by knowing that you have already arrived." - JLS
"Overcome time, and all we have left is Now." - JLS
"Overcome space, and all we have left is Here." - JLS
"Your whole body is nothing more than your thought itself." - JLS
"I have harnessed the cosmic rays." - Nikola Tesla
"Those who tell the stories rule society." - Plato
"Accept no one's definition of your life. Define yourself." - Robert Frost
"I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing." - Socrates
"Learning is not compulsory. Neither is survival." - W. Edwards Deming
"Rational behavior requires theory." - W. Edwards Deming
"You must know what to do, and then do your best." - W. Edwards Deming
"Victory however long and hard the road may be." - Winston Churchill
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." - Albert Einstein
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." - Carl Sagan
"The present is theirs; the future, for which I work, is mine." - Nikola Tesla
"Without data, you're just another person with an opinion." - W. Edwards Deming
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." - Leonardo da Vinci
"I dream my painting and I paint my dream." - Van Gogh
"I haven't failed. I've found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"Great things are done by a series of small things together." - Van Gogh
"Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it." - Leonardo da Vinci
"To find yourself, think for yourself." - Socrates
"Water is the driving force of all nature." - Leonardo da Vinci
"Normality is a paved road; no flowers grow on it." - Van Gogh
"One must work and dare if one really wants to live." - Van Gogh
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." - Chris Grosser
"Keep looking. Don’t settle." - Steve Jobs
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius
"A room without books is like a body without a soul." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence is a habit." - Aristotle
"War does not determine who is right – only who is left." - Bernard Montgomery
"Science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom." - Isaac Asimov
"Our built environment, our technologies, are broken and disabled." - Hugh Herr
"If Aristotle were alive today, he'd have a talk show." - Timothy Leary
"I've never let my schooling interfere with my education." - Mark Twain
